Hand from you.
Are there no?
So this is the.
First meeting for
Assignment 3.
And five. Three and five, yes.
OK, the 28th of October.
And so we all got the.
Assignment three assessments
PDF. Yeah, I'm just getting it
now. I'm gonna open it now.
Oh yeah, we had a bit
of a breakthrough or
we coming to it new.
Ibrowse
how to browse? A read through it
a few weeks ago, but not
recently. Yeah, same.
I was listening to one of a
what's his name Anthony's?
Anthony's lectures and he was
saying that he actually wants
something tangible. He wants
something like.
Not just like the writing.
Are we can give him like
examples of what it's gonna look
like and that's tangible.
Yeah, I was saying like I know
like I don't want just like
just like a document I just I
want something actually that
you guys like created.
Yeah exactly yeah.
So we have to create the
user interface of the app,
but it doesn't actually have
to be functional.
And then just demo that like
screenshots of it. So first one
deliverables. We need a rough
design of it. Just like put it,
you can be hand drawn or just
you know, placeholder buttons
and then the final one that we
have to submit as to where it's
going to, what it's actually
going to look like so.
All the back. Some text and
stuff in it, and that's
considered one of the
deliverables for an app or
even a little bit of code
which we can do I guess as
well we can get link some
tutorial videos, it's not.
We also need to
demonstrate some.
Um? An understanding of the
tools we need to use, like which
tools we use to make the app and
whether we would use iPhone or
Android or both. Add.
Well, we said we were going
to write it for both iOS and
Android in the project idea
for the last one.
And then if we need to
use different things for
that, or if there's one.
Used to create it.
And it kind of goes into that
when you go down to.
Tools project description.
Detailed description they
want at least 2 pages worth
of writing.
I'm preferably real cool.
What kind of Scott off the
top a little bit?
I'm just skipping too.
Page 4 because pages
133.
Um?
Sorry.
So I'm going to actually
specifications in the team
cardfile.
And there's going to be
some differences and some
similarities with team
name. We don't need to
make any changes to that.
And the personal
information we got.
Process the. That doesn't
mean I fix it.
Great price list.
Is new, so we need to do
some more reflection on
how the group worked.
Which is easy enough, and then
the career plan that says it
wants to be new. But it lists
all the exact same things we've
done before, so I think we need
to reword our career.
'cause it it just says it
needs to be there? Yeah,
definitely not. But we have.
It's probably so if you didn't
get it right and assessment to
you get it. They get you to do
it again and this one.
I kind of looked at that and I
thought that's ridiculous.
Soft look at some of the other
group ones and they they they
they. They're pretty bad.
Yeah, that's kind of. That's
kind of putting it nicely there.
They're pretty bad. I've been
looked at any post submission so
I don't know. I only ever saw
work in progress.
Well, they didn't
really change much.
Hello yeah they didn't
change much.
Going down.
I thought on consoles.
Um, that's kind of the same
as last time we have a link
to the group's website link.
Lips.
And again, that little paragraph
on how the.
The contribution of the great
'cause I think it mentions that
we have to use the template of
the old website then just update
that to reflect the extra bits
from here which is good 'cause
we don't need to change it
'cause it looks great.
So could update this do
something else though.
I think they knew a story.
The project description is kind
of just going over.
You want to use the same ideas
last time in Group in
assessment to do you wanna
change you to a new one? You
kind of need to flesh that out
a little bit like we've already
done.
Unless we get some.
Concerning feedback in the next
week or so, I think we should
just go ahead with what we're
doing. Yeah yeah public
leave that that section
until we get the feedback.
Yeah.
So Yep, doing like the writing
on it, we could leave until
later, but will because maybe
just write notes. We could
probably just write some short
notes for it and then yeah.
Not invest too much on it yet.
When you go over the over when
you go to the overview, the
topic, motivation, landscape and
detailed description like that's
heaps are writing, so it would
be good to get some notes on
that at least. But yeah,
the the.
The stuff I read out on
Page 4 we can easily do
that this first week, OK?
Let's lash out that and get that
pass on because that doesn't
rely on feedback from last week.
I think.
Anne.
The tools will have to do last.
Story and.
Comments about how they order
celebrates contribution.
So Project description and the
detailed description overview
will leave for a bit.
Cool Yep.
Say.
Down 2 rolls on Page 6.
Is this a good fit for? Make
sure they understand
everything.
Market.
So we will have to come to it.
In the robot Project
description section.
The roles is actually the
project that. Yeah yeah, sorry.
So yeah in that.
Kinda skipped over the
roles a bit.
Yeah.
So I think we need to as well.
Coming up with ideas and how we
want it to look, only to keep in
mind like if we're titling each
other with rolls in.
Whether we do or we don't, we
need to come up with.
Potential name ideas that we
would have for our roles or
whether we would not title our
roles in a professional setting.
And why so? We need to
explain that.
Skype in limit. Talking on that
one interesting because.
Um? Hard to define.
I thought it was hard to define.
Like how it is it asking for how
bigger projects gonna be? Is it
going to include a lot of
features or is it going to be
quite simple? Wasn't quite sure
what it was asking.
Just say it's scalable.
Is Vegas they are.
Hey, it's asking us like what
are we gonna extend on features
or is there going to be a limit
to how much we can add? Well
'cause we're pretty much in the
design of it like what we said
it was going to do. It was just
going to do the privacy settings
of social media platforms.
So that's kind of that's what
it's limited to, really.
So perhaps scope could include,
like if we were talking about
hypothetically, if this was a
professional. Um, what place
and? This was an Apple making we
have to maintain that need to be
bug fixes that need to be
updates, but as more social
media is created more security.
Could be monitored or changed or
included in the app.
So I think there there
are some hypothetical
parts of this problem.
Can you doing if we had another
10 weeks? Yeah yeah, I think
that's what it's asking is
basically what can we get done
in the time allocated and what
features aren't we going to be
able to add because we don't
have enough time? Yeah cool yeah
and that kind of gets fleshed
out in the timeframe down the
bottom of page 6.
And that's going to be a.
What is done over the
space of 15 weeks both?
With six or less weeks that
we found on this, I think
we're only really gonna have
enough time to get the user
interface to work.
To some extent beyond that, I
don't. I don't think we have
anything functional that's
actually going to change any
privacy settings. Yeah, we'll
probably need to. Yeah, 'cause
it is only intro so it doesn't
actually have to.
Work is its first to work at can
we do it? Is it possible? If we
had the right people in the
right amount of time?
Yeah.
And going down to.
Traffic was tools and
technologies or the time frame I
saw it mentioned somewhere that.
Whether or not we have the time
we need to kind of look into
what that would be. Time frame.
What technologies we can use or
what we would use if given the
opportunity and how we would go
about researching or learning
how to use those technologies?
Well, I think every everything
we need I did list on the other
project so we could just
elaborate on that. Yes they have
to learn it.
So if there was like a new
thing that we needed to learn,
if we can't learn it within.
Six weeks or less, but we
need to state how we learn
it in the next 10 weeks.
And I didn't pick very easy ones
so that we don't have to do too
much. Then yeah, cool.
Um?
Testing I.
What is your? How is your
brother in law?
You just using one of the
emulators test to test the UI
to send does the button click
yes and just film it as you go
on through to say yes, the
button clicks and gives me a
message to say that we didn't
implement anything.
Sorry, um. Let's have
a dummy thing, yeah?
In the hypothetical where we
have an extra 9 weeks to work on
it. Yeah, we test with real
people and real fines and fees.
Event yeah. Yeah, so we need
to flesh that out in the
time frame as well.
Um, we won't do any A
and just release it
and hope for the best.
While it seems to work
out alright.
Patches later day, 140 gigs of
patches in before you complain.
And he steals like.
Down to the risks, do you think
there's any limitations too?
Like we've kind of stated that
we're not gonna be able to
create the whole app, and we're
not going to be able to create
the whole look of it and show it
working and functioning, so
that's obviously a limitation.
Slash risk that we've got, but.
Do you think there's any?
Potential issues will run into
that we could predict.
The biggest issue that I
could point out now is that
we all have to. Everyone has
to know Java.
Yeah, that's gonna be a
problem. Who knows driver
and who doesn't?
I don't Shannon
Izle over Jarvis.
Yeah, I know it is. The raises
the job breaks, but just direct
all your questions to Shannon.
Will this go straight
through G to me?
No, we wanted to light at least.
Your work.
Can we do it in email?
I'm. Can we do it in HTML?
We could make a mockup in
HTML I guess.
Side effects. Would it save time
to skip straight to Java?
Well, we said we were gonna ride
it for a phone, but that that
would be like not writing it so
they've been like well. It's
kind of a waste of time.
Rob. The programs we get we can
get anyway, they just drop and
click like you just drag where
you want the button and you were
like that's good. I want this
color. Bag those very easy.
We're doing it.
Hey I'm not muted anymore. It's
all good 'cause you were talking
before I we can hear you. Yes I
was just going to say that we
could use developer tools on our
browser on our browsers so we
can emulate. Like a fart using a
phone. I don't know if other
kids Safari and Firefox do that.
I think yeah, they don't know
about it. Yeah, we can do that.
It's only emulating a phone web
browser, not an answer.
No.
After work. As long as we
make it look like that we
we didn't do that and that
we did actually make an
effort or simply possible.
I guess when I'm on, I just
realize this is recorded.
Spectating.
Like the recording will
start again.
Yeah, we could just make the
actors some free ones on
GitHub, but we can use that
are just website ones where
we can build the interface
for the app anyway.
So we don't really need to
write anything.
So we can have a mock up pretend
scanning without actually
accessing Facebook's API. Yeah,
just say like it'll come up
saying, hey, we found a security
threat and then show the
tutorial videos like how the app
will work. But yeah, they didn't
actually work. Nothing at all
has to be functional. It just
says, yeah, we just have to make
something that looks resembles
our project idea very loosely
'cause it's like as I kept
saying on Anthony thing, it's
intro to it. It's not advanced
app creation. Yeah, yeah.
Not only we only have to show
that we researched it, we had an
understanding of what we
researched. To loosely
get to something that we
said we were gonna do.
One of the problems I'm saying.
Is that? I don't. I wouldn't
have the faintest clue where to
start, and all of the
technologies listed. I don't
recognize that happened. The
faintest clue what they are, so
I'm not sure how other than
spellchecking. Rushing. And.
Attending, I'm not sure what I'm
going to be able to contribute
because I just don't know what
this stuff is. So you could
learn that like the the the UI
designer, if you wanted to do
that, but do you ever use
Photoshop before or paint?
I've got an iPad with procreate
on it. You know how you just
like click on it? You wanna
square there and you just draw
the square? Yep, that's how
these apps work. So if you want
you could design the user
interface. I could do that.
And then someone else can come
along so that it, you know,
make the button actually do
something so it will come up
and say, oh we checked your
Facebook account, you're
screwed, or you know.
We suggest deleting Facebook
said we found 6000 security
problems on your account.
Subscribe now for premium
service and fix these today
friendly $999.95. Just like all
those good antiviruses. Yeah and
then once they pay we just said
oh it failed sorry.
Can only pay through Amazon, so
refund thank you. Mickey's
iTunes gift cards.
Like once again, we might be
relying a bit heavily on those
of those of you who are a bit
more skilled with the mediocrity
bits of IT.
There's a, there's a lot of
research and reports to write,
though by looks of it as a lot
of that, yeah, which means
there's going to be a lot of
spelling mistakes.
Research for himself.
Eyes. 4 pages.
Bet it'll include a lot of
terminology, though I don't
know. I don't know what it is.
And describing things that I've
done, I've just cried.
That sound.
That's kind of my biggest
concern. 'cause they're wanting
more. Proof of things
working. More proof of what
we're going to use, and I'm
like I don't know.
Still don't know.
Sorry I could be on creation,
spelling, writing that sort of
stuff and just with the spelling
in the writing, we have to all
use more capital letters.
Like every single word
names, a capital letter.
Yes.
I have no idea what nouns are.
But it was showing that the
PDF version of this is like.
Why is used? Can't capital
letters everywhere?
Alright, because were in there
were in the capital letter crew.
It was great. It was very fun.
Um? So. Where we up to.
So in the skills
and jobs section.
That'll be good too.
Oh no, we're up to group process
and communications. Did we have
any like communication concerns?
We wanted to bring up or?
Um?
Because it kind of lays out what
should we. What should we expect
from each person? How many times
should be getting contact week?
Was there anything we wanted to
do differently this time or?
I probably suggest moving the
meeting to 8:00 o'clock
Victorian time instead of 7:30.
Yeah, yeah.
So, like George at 6:30
when we started, so it's
like dinner time.
Is it specify how many
meetings we need?
Whatever time works.
Damn, I was looking for
that and I couldn't find it
like how many.
I'm always at home.
Yeah wanna wait. Yeah
I think when it wakes.
Here we need extras.
Put the message board to keep
can. Yeah, keep talking with
each other so.
Are you sure?
It's probably says like 2
weeks or something
somewhere. It just says I
think it says specifically
that we get to decide.
In the web pages this
in the group process
is an communications
section on Page 7.
Yeah, they're like.
Second paragraph down.
How are you good? Communicate
how, how often will your
meetings take place? So I think
we can just decide once a week
and this week, yeah?
Make an extra for crunch
time. Yeah, two in one day
if we have to.
'cause it set up on page three,
I thought that I thought page
three was exactly the same as
last time, but. Does it not
specify there how many meetings
it specifies? Length of meeting
like last time? Yeah, we have to
have regular meetings, but we
don't have a number yet. Yeah.
Two a week for even for the last
assignment was kind of
pointless. Yeah, we didn't have
much luck today until the end.
There were pushing the crunch
and noticed the count up.
So we're happy with it, does it?
Does say that the chair of the
meeting has to be the person
that hits record as well.
And there to invite people.
So yeah, that last time too.
OK. Um, but it also says
that the chair of the
meeting can rotate so.
Market share is.
It was mainly so they could find
the recordings. To make it
easier because we got to
change all the the privacy
setting the security settings
on it so that we can get the
link besides yeah or download
it so it was easier for Adam
to find them if I recorded all
but one of them, which I think
I don't know, he recorded that
one. I don't think I did.
Um, yeah I did that one.
So when it comes to
skills and jobs.
Um?
Again, that's a hypothetical.
Um, if it's saying if you were
in a working environment, you
had four people.
Set for people three people.
You'll be the manager of four
people to deliver the project
outcomes right forward, position
descriptions. So basically it
wants us to go out research like
what kind of job roles we would
need to accomplish the project
and then. Right up,
basically a sync ad.
Define them.
Um? And.
Feedback in Group reflection is
probably quite similar. I didn't
read that part, but Spark Plus
and the 200 words again about
the. Conception of the
group page.
They were all bullies.
Spark Plug is actually
pretty useless, yeah?
I just put everybody
again the one thing.
I'll probably get in trouble
'cause I usually use exact same.
Yeah like feedback, yeah?
Oh my God, just change that
name, change that, yeah.
So did other than.
What was it the?
Team profile including the team
name, Personal information,
group processes, career plans.
An tools, was there anything
else we wanna do kind of get
smashed out this week?
'cause I think that's
what it is.
So you accept the invite
Spire after. If you think
it's 48 hours, the invite
to what? The report.
Have you sent that out? Or
yeah, I sent that out this
morning so you got. You'll get
2 links, one for the
assessment, three repro, one
for the assessment, 5 repro
because they're both do the
same day.
Should be in your Gmail.
Mine came in my Gmail.
Does Assessment 5 need a repo?
Consent to whichever account
you'll get account winter.
Assessment 5 does because
we've gotta create. I think
that's just a marketing
presentation, so we gotta
create separate stuff for
that. Oh yeah, so there's
that. We need to go over.
Do we want to kind of go over
that a little bit as well, so
that we've got a good
understanding? We're all on
the same page is we're going
to deliver a video?
Yeah, what do we want that?
After the delivery of video each
though. No, because the promo
video isn't just a Prime Video
service based presentation.
It can be promotional, it can be
just description to armaiti or
it could be.
It could be an advertisement
to the user or an
advertisement to a buyer, or
it could be literally
anything you want. Does
anyone group with animation?
I haven't done animation, but I
can draw on like an animated
Mongoose. It's like eating a
snake or something, just run
across the screen at the same
riff it if it's an anchor
monkeys. Or wait, wait, that's
right, it tastes like the
Twitter bird just rips it apart
and then eats Facebook and like
we take your privacy, you know
seriously or at the very least
let them have some like dark
personality that you can't
really see very well with. Like
red glowing is, you know.
Sorry.
Like really scared the ****
out of him when they want to
know. Like I really have to
take my privacy. Yeah serious.
I have to buy this app.
So you thinking
promotional to the user?
It's emotional ish.
Without actually saying what the
app does, they just want it.
So it needs to include.
Summer.
Each project can and likely will
be incredibly different, so you
will have to highlight your
specifics. Perhaps areas such as
the following identify
identification slash description
needs slash 1 slash.
Take off course.
Alright, see you, yeah.
6 coming. That's right, talk to
you next time.
Difference. Say a tongue.
What is it I'm just
confused like because
there's no PDF on this one.
Basically we were just write it.
We can either create an
advertisement 'cause it's like
it can take many forms. We can
do a a news report and vertice
Minton like an interview. Like
if they're interviewing us on TV
and investment pitch like he's
trying to sell the idea to an
investor so you can have a
startup go and make it.
It can be take can be humorous
or serious. Presentation can be
professional or professional
informative. We can film it. We
can do stop motion animation
drawings or options.
Even a simple PowerPoint
presentation with a voice over.
No, it said will net low
marks, yeah, so yeah it
needs to be a bit more
creative than a piece, yeah?
PowerPoint presentation
of PowerPoint.
Um, so it doesn't specify
what needs to be in it,
does it? It just needs to
be some form of display
of what we've done, yeah?
My keys OF he's a fighting
Mongoose. It just killed
Facebook with a your **** secure
by 11. Click here and here. I
like that. Yeah, I don't think
we should overcomplicated. I
think just something just like a
sales pitch should be late.
And that would be an artifact
too, because you can't create.
You can't create an app without
much advertising, can you? It's
just not going to reach people.
It wouldn't. It wouldn't be an
iron effect for assignment.
Three 'cause that would be
right, I meant.
It it it would be another
way to show them that.
Then we did stuff.
Yeah.
Was serious and then.
I applied this to YouTube
on my dad.
So.
I'll probably need to figure out
a way to animate something.
I'm going to get like stock
footage of people using
computers, and you know those
old like anti piracy ads used to
see when you rented a DVD.
And it's got people looking
into you, wouldn't you
wouldn't give your address to
a stranger kind of thing.
Also, is that person sitting
there like yes I would.
You wouldn't steal a car.
OK, for the sake of the
end I would.
Could potentially be stock
images. It could be animation,
but with from here to be a good
mini advertisement to have to
bring people to the app.
Yeah. Yeah, I'm happy that scene
from hackers way where they've
got the Gibson there and they
going through that 3D server
thing floating. Or have you guys
seen that? Yeah, maybe hackers?
Chapter one.
No, not that one. The one
with Angelina Jolie.
Alright, I'm thinking of
swordfish. I think. Yeah,
that's swordfish hackers was
1995. Let's see if I can find
you the video clip.
So I'm kind of happy to see if I
can start with that.
Um, 'cause I think that might be
where I'm most helpful.
As well as some of the rash
in the other areas, does
anyone else want to kind of
put their hand up to take on
another period or?
Turn out over the next week.
I'm in a pretty similar boat.
I'll be pretty useless on the
technical stuff, but I can
like if there's just like a
report that you can do, like
sort of on those four sections
that you guys did last time. I
can do one of those.
We just have some questions and
then research and then answer.
Sure. Yeah, same
with me as well.
I sent you a link about
programming.
I think the chat, so if you
click next to the hand, the
little chat icon I sent you
the link.
Bye.
Bring. I can't believe that you
guys haven't seen this this the
movie hackers in like 1995.
It's like the most epic.
Computer nerd movie like ever.
It's like iconic this movie.
You wanted us to watch the
whole thing.
We can take bits of their
video clip and just put it
in the House like the
like. The this is Heather.
This is how they're
stealing your data and then
you know we'll just.
Are you suggesting scare
tactics?
I think that's how they did
that. You know the anti piracy
thing like yeah yeah you know
with that with that bad
sounding music like you can
just get so busted if you do
this you know we're watching
you.
Like most government
ads scattered right.
You're going to go to jail
if you you know steal the
car which everybody knows.
Or if you stole the TV,
you're gonna get caught and
then they show you
downloading a movie like
you're going to jail for
that for a long time. So
like a compilation of.
Clips of troubling things
happening on social media or
your. Some sort of
representation of things getting
leaked or information being
stolen or stuff like that and
then either and clip of someone
else, or click one of us being
like. Don't let them take your
information. Don't let them
steal your identity.
Yeah, like the cheesier, the
better. 'cause you have to make
it like look really fancy and
complicated. Otherwise never
like it. Must be something
really simple, but if it's
something they don't understand
them like I need this or I can
just do one of those cheap
political ads like you could
have like Scott Ludlam say,
they're taking our metadata then
like stop black and white and
have like a big big burly voice
going there. Taking your
metadata like a Saturday thing
like juice media does.
If you send these videos videos.
Yeah.
Well, what about you know those?
Insurance ads like they do a
comparison. You know they have
the. Domestic income.
On I thought you said compare
the Meerkat. No, no. Well they
have like two people's income
and this person chose to go
through this company. This
person was a dummy in the
industry. Super heads. Yeah,
with the thing that most recent
one was a guy on a truck.
This person, this person did
this persons house is now
owned by Facebook 'cause they
didn't read. This person chose
to use our app and they were
safe and their information
never got stolen by Facebook
and Buddy Buddy Box and this
person. They almost died.
Someone stole their money
because or someone stole their
Facebook or whatever. I remember
there was a video that what you
said they used to play in the
schools about sending nudes.
And it was pretty funny. I
remember laughing about it why
you shouldn't send nudes
because people will get it so
they like take clicks of that.
Well, you shouldn't if you use
our app this won't happen in
your nudes won't get leaked,
just rip off the video. Yeah,
that's OK so we can do a
parody of some kind, yeah?
Cool, that's planning to get go
off so. I can kind of
start there.
And we like one of the people
that were like comparing when
we do the video. Just put
under it like this is Anthony
Clapton. This is Tim.
No, no, no one wants to.
Say their first names like sort
of more subtly.
Anthony Tracy, other guy. Yeah
he was **** yeah or it could be
Anthony and Jim.
Anthony and Jim instead of
Anthony and Tim.
Spider shop Anthony's head on
the other guy 'cause we've got
all those traveling mode
profile picture for something.
It's not anything weird, it's
just it is a little weird.
Well, technically we could
just argue Anthony if you used
our app we wouldn't have been
able to use your photo because
you had it on social media.
It's funny. I think that, um, do
we kind of want to collaborate
on that one alittle later after
we probably need like some kind
of like demo of the app to at
some point in it. So yeah, so I
might look into the creativeness
of that for a bit.
And after we fleshed out then
maybe gritty on my daughter put
more into it. Even if we
have one of us dressed up
as a superhero.
Specifying longest super app.
You're not a superhero unless
you're wearing underwear on the
outside, by the way.
Can anyone grow some mean
like facial hair and look
like a Mongoose?
Now you look like you.
Very soon I I don't think I
don't think any of this thing to
be able to go something in like
4 weeks. I think Shannon can.
He's got a pretty hairy chin.
And this was like, shave
out here and then. Just
like glue it to the face.
Just running addresses start
rolling around on the floor with
super glue on your face.
All right now, but you can
always buy a wookie mask from a
shop. OK question.
Like Chewbacca or something.
Alright, so getting back
on track.
We'll start with.
Do we want to work on
the overview as well?
Does someone want to?
The overview of the project.
Yeah, pretty much just how old
one that we're going to expand a
little bit on for like that last
paragraph that it's asking for.
Yeah, I love this. Feels like
it. We already did the work in
Simon too. 'cause we wrote more
than we had to an assignment.
Yeah.
In some cases. Yeah.
So does someone wanna do
the overview?
Um?
Anne will.
I'm trying to figure out how
we should allocate.
Work is hard.
Carnival seems like it needs to
be done as a group, but it's
hard to do. Collaborate on long
pages of work in the group. Does
anyone have any ideas? Why don't
we work in teams? Is like we did
before. Don't like 2 persons can
work on one top.
That way there's more like a
wider idea what we do instead of
just like one person doing
something and then the other
person doing something else
'cause it's gonna be like,
really, I don't know. Very messy
when we put it all together.
So, um.
Sing us, Adam and Shannon
seems to have the most
skill with Artie.
**** and.
Daniel, you helped write
the project before so you
have to have a better
understanding of it then.
Here's what I'm thinking. Do we
buddy up in pairs like Daniel
could work with me on the.
On the.
Video.
And it's just an example of
where to start an Adam and say
George could work on another
part, and Shannon and Sam could
work on another part.
I don't. I don't mind that
sounds fine with me. Kind of
distributing skills a little
bit 'cause I know Sam's pretty
good at writing as well.
Daniel knows a bit about the
projects from before.
I don't I do this. This
assignment looks pretty weighted
where each like small little
group's gonna have to get
information from the other
groups, like with any recourse.
I was like the people that are
writing the documentation are
gonna need to talk to save in
this like Shannon and myself to
get extra information that
they're going to need.
So yeah, how do you think we
should break it up a little bit?
'cause I'm I'm saying that too.
Yeah.
Well, like Daniel, say like.
Daniel, you like good at like in
like research and writing. Same
as Madeline. Maddie, I'm the
same as you guys. So I think
like. I don't know Samuel
Assemble 2, so I think we can
three or the four of us. We can
do all of that.
And then when it comes to like
the programming and all that
sort of stuff, maybe Adam and
Channing can get more into that
and then. Yeah.
I don't know how you guys think.
Yeah I'm on board.
How do you feel about that item?
Because it kind of puts.
Puts a lot of weight on you too.
Oh, I'm fine with that.
There's something I think I'm
going to have to float around,
but to help you guys with some
other bits as well, yeah, yeah.
I agree it's just so connected
like plans and progress and the
testing what you're going to
have to write for. There
probably not too much. You're
going to need from me, but.
I'll probably. Just well, you
can be kind of like a supervisor
in what we do in and then you
can just like tweak things and.
So I well, for example, I'd like
to work on the time frame, yeah?
Um?
Maybe just someone want to work
on testing. We're obviously
going to talk in between each
other and there's gonna be a lot
of crossover. Well, you should
probably start writing up like
skills and Jobs now I'm looking
at that and I pretty much listed
all the skills that they're
gonna need already for in
Assignment 2. So you could use
that as a bit of a basis if you
got any queries and just shout
out start, I think it will be
right with that one.
The risks probably do that.
Group processes and
communications are probably
going to be able to do that.
So do you guys want to put
your hands up?
I guess I could do this. I could
do the skills, skills and start
making some job descriptions.
Time frame you can probably do
'cause you all you gotta do is
break it up another. Yeah,
that's what I want to do.
So I can work in the
project description.
Project description.
That's that's a.
So the topic, motivation and
landscape? Or do you mean
the detailed description
'cause that's 4 pages that
we're probably gonna have to
work on a bit more together?
Have a Boy George.
Sam will probably wanna work
on that together, yeah?
Which one was that sorry? So the
opposite description and
description. The detailed
description? Yeah, 'cause it's
it comes to 4 pages and it kind
of. 8
encapsulates a
lot of stuff.
'cause it's it's got
aims, plans and progress
roles, scope and limits.
Looking back
now, the plans in progress is 4
pages in itself. Yeah.
So one paragraph for the aim.
4 pages.
Beautiful papers.
I mean we we have we have what
like how many weeks until we
deliver this. Now I'm playing in
progress. You can actually
right. And two, we've actually,
you know, like almost towards
the end of the project, because
they're asking how we progressed
and how that how we began
working on it. I think I think
with plans and progress we sort
of need to do a little bit each
week or whatever and then
compile it all at the end and
see how we did it. Because you
know, we have to. We have to
submit a draft of this as well
in Week 4. This is.
Yeah.
It is structured storyboard
draft. Kind of is that the one?
Yeah, they did say that the
deliverables that we've gotta
submit before, yeah.
So for the primary video, I
think we have to do like a
storyboard like script kind of
thing. I'm so excited to be
playing for it. I think we have
to do that for number Assessment
3. Two as well.
Yeah.
Make sure we are on a basic, set
it on the course wide. Anthony
said it as well as Tim and I
think Tim mentioned mentioned it
as well as to make sure that
every groups on track and
actually going the right
direction with it and not.
We don't know why.
Yeah. But how do they
want us to submit that
if we can only submit?
But large portions of this a
copy and paste, and then we can
act like just drop.
OK, that's pretty much what
they're expecting to say, but
where they wanted us to submit
it because I'm wondering if we
submit it like we would be
assignment. And then when.
Yeah, so then what we do so we
submit the draft and then later
went on the due date. We
resubmit with the completed
coffee. OK, so we resubmit
with the draft. The PDF and
Canvas allows you to Momma
keep submitting assessments
until the deadline, so you
could have you could submit
something like three or
four times before the end.
And we only have to submit one
copy, so we don't all have to
submit one as we grouped.
So I'm doing fine fine.
Sam is doing.
I could do skills and
jobs to start off with.
Trivia. Yes, they make some job
advertisement, so I need to go
over the project thing again and
maybe discuss it with you guys
what. But also be the best
to look for, but I'll have
to go through that again.
George, did you say you wanted
to do the.
Project beginning.
Yeah, I can do that. Yeah,
the project overview, yeah.
Um, so that's kind of
pulling on what's already
been done a little bit.
Um?
There's there's some more stuff
there so. Yeah, and Daniel would
you want to?
Scanning I'm scanning
through now.
Pretty much just whatever you
guys want to assign me.
I'm easy if you just wanna
throw something my way, but
I'm I don't nothing like
popping out. Do you wanna do
tools and technologies or
scope and limits?
Yeah, 8 one and easy. So Skype
and limits is at least one
paragraph is expected so they
could do maybe two or I don't
know what's going, yeah?
Um, right.
This section is the actual on
effects coming under that we're
going to write.
'cause I don't see it like.
Just mentioned it in
general on Page 2.
OK.
I don't think it's gonna
take us that long to create
a couple of artifacts.
Do you guys so if anyone needs
help with anything or want
something to do any task list?
Constitute a self contained
document that makes sense
without the reader referring to
the marking specification.
So yeah.
Are the are the artifacts
what they're asking us to
write in the following
pages, or the artifacts in
addition to what we're
already writing? In
addition, yeah, 'cause they
don't, they don't. They
don't specify anything
there. I suppose there
could be different.
To do the the Word document,
we gotta do the website
updates with that information
and then we gotta create the
artifacts for the admin
Internet somewhere. I
remember reading it.
Skype in limits.
Go to Skype and limits on Page
6, second paragraph talks about.
What outcomes you can show him
what are outcomes? You can't
necessarily show at this time,
so maybe that's where we could,
yeah? Pop it 'cause you kind
of have to have started the
project to answer some of
these roles like items in the
detailed description.
So maybe. Daniel will leave
scope and limits tools you
mentioned it or George.
Me so I can do.
I can do that if no one else is.
I'm I'm so over the place, have
to watch them and so far there
anything I'm doing is the.
The skills and jobs, which is a
different section I think yeah,
so I could probably do something
in the in the overview in the
detailed description as well.
He's doing roles.
Something.
I I can do the roles if
you like.
Yeah, yeah.
I'll be an intern.
Everybody gets to be CEO.
Of the following month.
So where did you pick this role
for everybody? Because we're all
dynamic. Could be one of those
companies like Steam where
everyone no one really has like
a specified role. That is, do
whatever needs to be done.
I'd like to do testing.
I'll do testing.
Coop. So do we wanna have?
Even after busload of kids
and forced him to use our
app for days on end to tell
us what was wrong with it.
Sorry.
Question on deliverables or did
you wanna help out with?
Deliverables
as in like.
Do you have a son?
Yeah, sorry, be artifacts
that. Sorry, yes, do you want
to kind of work more there
because that's where your
skill is? Or do you want I
don't? I don't want.
Under way there is somebody else
wants to do. I'm happy today.
I'm just lazy. I think we should
stop the stop recording the
meetings. They said like 40
minutes tops. We must be maybe
there by now or.
App.
Thinking for an hour and
10 minutes.
Will stop it here.
Keep me going to stop
the recording, yeah?